Update glossary (#20161)
opf/openproject: docs/glossary/README.md

### Global modules

> In OpenProject, global modules are defined as a menu to access all [modules](#module) for *all* your projects. With global modules you can easily see all your project-overarching information at one place, e.g. for work packages, boards, calendars or meetings. Click on the left button in the header menu to access the global modules. [Read more about global modules in OpenProject](../user-guide/home/global-modules/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OpenProject, global modules are defined as a menu to access all [modules](#module) for *all* your projects. With global modules you can easily see all your project-overarching information at one place, e.g. for work packages, boards, calendars or meetings. Click on the grid icon on the left side of the header menu to access the global modules. [Read more about global modules in OpenProject](../user-guide/home/global-modules/).
```
